“Only the impossible lasts forever; with time, it is made accessible.” ~ Djuna Barnes
“The sea is as near as we come to another world.” ~ Anne Stevenson
“Everyone lives three versions of themselves; a public life, a private life and a secret life.” ~ Lauren Beukes
“To refuse has so many more consequences than submitting.” ~ Gillian Flynn
“You can tell which girls lack mothers by the look of their hair.” ~ Sue Monk Kidd
“Tell me by what angel thou art frustrated, O evil spirit?” ~ King Solomon
“Put the pain away where it can’t hurt. Turn it into a story.” ~ Doris Lessing
“If you have the choice of a bad design and good colour, you’ll get away with it more than a good design and bad colour.” ~ Nina Campbell
“There is nothing that people differ about more than the reality of characters...” ~ Virginia Wolfe
“What a lot of funny people it does take to make a world.” ~ Agatha Christie
“Hollywood's a place where they'll pay you a thousand dollars for a kiss, and fifty cents for your soul.” ~ Marilyn Monroe
“Time is a dressmaker specializing in alterations.” ~ Faith Baldwin
“From the laundry, the laundry I come from washing the garments of death, from washing the shirt of Eli, washing out the blood, washing out the sweat, child-sweat, washing out death.” ~ Nelly Sachs
"Remembering is everything." ~ Sue Monk Kidd
"Sometimes I sits and thinks, and sometimes I just sits…" ~ Winnie the Pooh
“It's funny how the colors of the real world only seem really real when you watch them on a screen.” ~ Anthony Burgess
“This they tell, and whether it happened so or not I do not know; but if you think about it, you can see that it is true.” ~ Black Elk
"Tiefere Bedeutung liegt in dem Märchen meiner Kinderjahre als in der Wahrheit, die das Leben lehrt." ~ Schiller
“I know that many people die from nostalgia.” ~ Jacqueline Leckie
“The heart is always oppening and closing” ~ Leonard Cohen
"We cannot live in a world that is not our own, in a world that is interpreted for us by others. An interpreted world is not a home." ~ Hildegaard of Bingen
"Humanity, take a good look at yourself. Inside, you’ve got heaven and earth, and all of creation. You’re a world — everything is hidden in you." ~ Hildegaard of Bingen
"Colour is a power which directly influences the soul." ~ Wassily Kandinsky
"Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions." ~ Pablo Picasso
"Beauty without colour seems somehow to belong to another world." ~ Murasaki Shikibu
"Mere color, unspoiled by meaning, and unallied with definite form, can speak to the soul in a thousand different ways." ~ Oscar Wilde
"I cannot pretend to be impartial about the colours. I rejoice with the brilliant ones, and am genuinely sorry for the poor browns." ~ Winston Churchill
"White... is not a mere absence of colour; it is a shining and affirmative thing, as fierce as red, as definite as black... God paints in many colours; but He never paints so gorgeously, I had almost said so gaudily, as when He paints in white." ~ Gilbert K. Chesterton
"Did the poet use red to symbolize blood? Anger? Lust? Or is the wheelbarrow simply red because red sounded better than black?" ~ Jay Asher
"There is no blue without yellow and without orange, and if you put in blue, then you must put in yellow, and orange too, mustn't you?" ~ Vincent Van Gogh
"Color... thinks by itself, independently of the object it clothes." ~ Charles Baudelaire
"In order to change a color it is enough to change the color of its background." ~ Michel Eugene Chevreul
"In Asia, red is the colour of joy; red is the colour of festivities and of celebration. In Chinese culture, blue is the colour of mourning." ~ Vincent Tan
"All colours will agree in the dark." ~ Francis Bacon
"From my rotting body, flowers shall grow and I am in them and that is eternity." ~ Edvard Munch
"Some colors reconcile themselves to one another, others just clash." ~ Edvard Munch
"No longer shall I paint interiors with men reading and women knitting. I will paint living people who breathe and feel and suffer and love." ~ Edvard Munch
"If you look for a meaning, you'll miss everything that happens." ~ Andrei Tarkovsky
"I don't know why people expect art to make sense. They accept the fact that life doesn't make sense." ~ David Lynch
"I like to remember things my own way. How I remembered them, not necessarily the way they happened." ~ David Lynch
"I am living permanently in my dream, from which I make brief forays into reality." ~ Ingmar Bergman
